fix: update `get_mlir_module` to no longer use the xDSL pass plugin (#2303)
PennyLaneAI/catalyst: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>Bug fixes 🐛</h3>

> * Update `get_mlir_module` to no longer use `getXDSLPluginAbsolutePath`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Update `catalyst.python_interface.inspection.xdsl_conversion.get_mlir_module` to
  no longer explicitly use the xDSL pass plugin.
```
